Add note on PartialEq usage in ch05-02 (#1193)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch05-01-defining-and-instantiating-structs.md

<span class="caption">Listing {{#ref user-struct}}: A `User` struct definition</span>

> **Note :**  
> You can derive multiple traits on structs, such as `Drop`, `PartialEq` for comparison and `Debug` for debug-printing.  

> > See the [Appendix on Derivable Traits](https://www.starknet.io/cairo-book/appendix-03-derivable-traits.html) for a complete list and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See the [Appendix on Derivable Traits](./appendix-03-derivable-traits.md) for a complete list and examples.
```
